RHIDP-5184 - added steps to _Configuring Redis cache_ (#1169)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring/proc-enabling-the-rhdh-plugin-assets-cache.adoc

[id="enabling-the-rhdh-plugin-assets-cache_{context}"]
= Enabling the {product} plugin assets cache

By default {product} does not cache plugin assets.
You can use a Redis cache store to improve {product-short} performance and reliability.
Configured plugins in {product-short} receive dedicated cache connections, which are powered by the Keyv redis client.

.Prerequisites
* You have installed {product}.
* You have an active Redis server.

> For more information on setting up an external Redis server, see the link:https://www.redis.io/docs/latest/[`Redis official documentation`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on setting up an external Redis server, see the link:https://www.redis.io/docs/latest/[`official Redis documentation`].
```

.Procedure
. Enable the {product-short} cache by defining Redis as the cache store type and entering your Redis server connection URL in your `{my-app-config-file}` file.
+
.`{my-app-config-file}` file fragment
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
backend:
  cache:
    store: redis
    connection: redis://user:pass@cache.example.com:6379
----

. Enable the cache for Techdocs by adding the `techdocs.cache.ttl` setting in your `{my-app-config-file}` file.
This setting specifies how long, in milliseconds, a statically built asset should stay in the cache.
+
.`{my-app-config-file}` file fragment
[source,yaml]
----
techdocs:
  cache:
    ttl: 3600000
----

> TIP: Optionally, enable the cache for unsupported plugins that have the feature.
> See their respective documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: Optionally, enable the cache for unsupported plugins that support this feature.
See their respective documentation for details.
```
